---
title: Miku Says Find Me
description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur.
image: img/portfolio/miku.jpg
thumbnail: img/portfolio/miku.jpg
date: April 2019
link: 'https://www.amazon.com/Miku-Says-Find-Anitha-Rathod/dp/1096358999'
status: Buy
---
The book is unique, innovative and creative.

“Miku says find me,” is an interactive and fun-filled book created to excite your child with every turn of the page. Miku takes you to places inside the book that you may have never known before. Play with this book and HAVE FUN! Turn the pages and enjoy the clever text while playing hide and seek with a little girl named Miku. Miku hides in the living room, her bedroom, and then in her backyard. Little peeks of Miku's hair or shoes or fingers can be traced if you look closely and this element can take kids by immense surprise. Kids will experience sheer joy and excitement as they search for Miku, and find her hiding in unlikely places.

Miku also shows you her favorite hiding places within the book, taking you on a journey of delightful discovery. These places are cleverly hidden inside the book, which inspires the kids to use their imagination. The lively, fun and colorful illustrations add to the fun element of the book. The text is in rhyming and also simple and easy, so an early reader can follow through without any difficulty.

Reedsy Discovery Review: "Can you find Miku? Turn the pages and enjoy the clever text while playing hide and seek with a little girl named Miku. Miku hides in her bedroom, then in her backyard and then she shows you her favorite hiding places within the book, taking you on a journey of delightful discovery. This creative book will enchant young children as they search for and find Miku. The lively illustrations invite children to think about all the different places that they can hide. There is also a seek and find element because little peeks of Miku's hair or shoes are visible upon closer inspection of illustrations."