---
title: The silent T
description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur.
image: img/portfolio/silent_t.jpg
thumbnail: img/portfolio/silent_t.jpg
date: April 2019
link: 'https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1689779616/'
status: Buy
---
Did you know that the letter T in “I can’t” is actually silent? Find out how Julia figures this out.

Julia loves to play with all her toys, especially, the alphabets, that amuse her more than anything else. Some of them have cute nicknames too. As she starts saying, “I CAN’T” the letters I, C, A, N and T dance in joy and soon they become her favorite letters. The letter T stays silent but grows taller every time Julie says, “I CAN’T”. One day, Julia realizes it is time to give up the T and it’s the only way she could try new things and make her parents happy. And when she lets go of T, things turn around for Julia. With “I CAN” she could do wonders. 

A motivating and inspiring book for young children. 

Children have genuine fears and anxiety when trying new things. It takes a great deal of effort for the parents to help their kids overcome these fears and discover the joy and adventure in learning and experiencing new skills. This books will come handy for parents who want to inculcate a positive attitude and encourage their kids to be brave. 

Fostering the I CAN attitude

Kids who believe they can always find ways to succeed and move ahead in life with confidence. A clever way to tell your child that there is nothing that they cannot do. Everything is possible with a simple change in attitude.

A fantastic way to learn:

Just say "I CAN" and see how things turn around for you. 
It's the attitude that makes all the difference. 
It is our belief that can convert a problem into a challenge and lets us encounter every hurdle with enthusiasm. 

It is important to teach our kids from the very beginning that with the right attitude they can achieve just about anything in life. This book in its own unique way conveys the message that nothing is impossible if only we have the right attitude and keep saying "I CAN" and keep aside our self-doubts.

Learn how Julia (the character in the book) develops a positive outlook and confidence by just considering the letter 'T' silent in "I CAN'T" and with this overcomes fears and doubts. 

The illustrations are pleasing and colourful. Children will fall in love with the pictures.